To survive in this world you have to be at least a little bit cruel
There were many times in the past that I said
I would rather die then become that way
Yet I ended up still being here…

Don’t remember him for his sadness
Remember him for his strengths!
Something i wish to tell
Those that make digital writings online 
I can’t even search albums without coming across that

Why live in this world without you
Why live in this world when you were still here?
I don’t understand 
I sleep with a knife taped to the headboard
Take me, take me
I’m losing the ability to understand
I’m gaining nothing
Is what I say to myself right now

My soul grows tired
Please don’t take your own life
Courrpt this heart of mine
I’d like to back to living in darkness 

No matter how people treat me
I will be taken anyway

Stay in my heart even if I get scared
There’s no reason for you to leave

Throw my soul away
With your gentle yet cool smile
I cannot sleep today 

In your memory
Even though i will never meet you
Your sound is eternal
where my heart was supposed to reach you you were there in darkness
In darkness i will die while being abused by the hands around me

Your warmth will dry my tears somehow

Stay here
Even if I distance myself from your sound
A gentle friendship that transcends all
Your dream without you
You’re here
My heart is clouded with impatience 
But as ruki tries to move forward….
Hurt by the same words from his father at one point
So do i…..
Even if i am so easily scarred and burned
From everything in the past

I can hear your sound
I can hear you

This world is so cruel i want to embrace the cruelness of this world 
Staying here by myself 
But i will have to support them too

Even if you’re in that sky
You’re in my mind no matter what

He didn’t want us to worry
He didn’t want to change the image of us that we already had. To elaborate its kind of like what I did when I didn’t tell my math teacher about the verbal and physical abuse that I went through at home. Because I didn’t want to shatter her image of me. I didn’t want her to treat me differently afterwards. So I wonder….It’s definitely a mix of this and being private. I cried just now again. Again and again….my tears can’t stop arriving. You shouldn’t be remembered for the sadness that took you away. Regardless of what non fans think….Deep down I know you wouldn’t leave this world willingly.
……
You didn’t want us to worry. You didn’t want your friends to worry….
Maybe I’ll understand when I
No…..
I think I will never know
Unless i hear it from you
Somehow
